{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red72\green75\blue185;\red33\green210\blue26;\red86\green119\blue255;
\red255\green31\blue25;\red196\green26\blue22;\red0\green0\blue255;\red16\green73\blue188;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c28235\c29412\c72549;\csgenericrgb\c12941\c82353\c10196;\csgenericrgb\c33725\c46667\c100000;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c12157\c9804;\csgenericrgb\c76863\c10196\c8627;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c28627\c73725;}
\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 USB Missile Launcher NZ
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
Version 1.9.0b2 - build 168\
\
7 June 2017\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 If you like this software and would like to support my efforts, please consider a buying some of my other software available on the Mac App Store and iOS App Store.\
Search for David Wilson\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 http://itunes.apple.com/nz/artist/david-wilson/id299029586\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Be nice and send me an email (dgwilson65 at gmail . com) or use the FEEDBACK option in the menus if you like this software.\
\
I had a some fun in the development and now I'd like to get some more Missile Launchers to make sure that multiple of them work. They are expensive to buy and ship to New Zealand, donations would help to offset the expenses. There are more launchers on the market now and I am unable to offer support for these unless I can get my hands on them to test.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
For those that have already donated thank you very much.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 ADVERTISING PLACEMENT\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Look for more software by David Wilson in the AppStore and Mac AppStore\
http://itunes.apple.com/nz/artist/david-wilson/id299029586\
http://itunes.apple.com/nz/app/trafficcamnz/id420191716?mt=12\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 DREAMCHEEKY - special mention\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 http://www.dreamcheeky.com/\
DreamCheeky also make USB Missile Launchers. USB Missile Launcher NZ does provide support for _most_ of the DreamCheeky missile launchers. With grateful support of DreamCheeky the graphics in USB Missile Launcher NZ were updated to look much more impressive than simple buttons.  \
DreamCheeky now have customised versions of the USB Missile Launcher NZ software - called DC Missile Launcher NZ. This software does not require the installation of an OS level driver (KEXT) and only drives the DreamCheekly launchers.\
If you only want to operate the DreamCheeky launchers, you can download the software directly from the DreamCheeky web site http://www.dreamcheeky.com/download-support\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 YouTube\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Watch USB Missile Launchers on YouTube!\
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytQrspFKADI\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 What\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 USB Missile Launcher NZ can be used to control a USB Missile Launcher and the DreamCheeky Rocket Launcher. Perform covert operations from your desk. Fire missiles at passing colleagues. Strap a camera on top of the Launcher and record the video of your covert operations. The software works for the following launchers:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1140\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thinkgeek.com/geektoys/cubegoodies/86b8/?cpg=41H"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.thinkgeek.com/geektoys/cubegoodies/86b8/?cpg=41H}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1140\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thinkgeek.com/geektoys/warfare/8a0f/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.thinkgeek.com/geektoys/warfare/8a0f/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1140\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thinkgeek.com/geektoys/warfare/8bc4/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.thinkgeek.com/geektoys/warfare/8bc4/}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Why\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Glenn Anderson and I  purchased a USB Rocket Launcher each. We already knew that it did not come with Mac OS drivers or software and took the opportunity to fill the gap. Glenn wrote the Mac OS X driver after getting things to work under OS 9. He also wrote a keyboard based program to move the turret and fire.\
I've taken Glenn's code and built and Cocoa / Objective-C program with Graphical User Interface. Ideas for look and feel have come from around the globe, see references below. The source code has been included with this distribution.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Help - \cf3 Tips\cf0  - \cf4 Trouble Shooting\cf0  - \cf5 Known Problems\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 When controlling the launcher you can use the numeric keypad. For the DreamCheeky Rocket Launcher at least, you will get a finer motion control over the launcher.\
\
If you encounter problems getting your DreamCheeky Rocket Launcher to work you may need to change the USB port that it is plugged into. It is best that you connect your DreamCheeky Rocket Launcher directly into a Motherboard USB 2.0 port otherwise control may be problematic.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Getting your launcher to work
\f1\b0 : Configuring the Missile Launcher Software\
In most cases the first run of the software will set up the preferences file to support your launcher. However you may need to alter the "Launcher" preferences to add some precision. Specifically if you have a "StrikerII" (that's the grey launcher with the built in Laser) you will need to alter the preferences so that the launcher type of StrikerII is specified against the correct USB Product ID and USB Vendor ID. If you only have the one launcher, then just change the drop down menu from OrigLauncher to StrikerII, Apply the defaults, then quit and restart the program.\
\
For your reference here are the USB Vendor ID's and Product ID's of the launchers. The hex codes for each launcher are presented first, followed by their decimal equivalent.\
\
Original Launcher (Grey)\
	USB Vendor ID		0x1130	4400\
	USB Product ID		0x0202	514\
\
StrikerII (Grey) includes laser\
	USB Vendor ID		0x1130	4400\
	USB Product ID		0x0202	514\
\
c-enter or PE-5858 or Satzuma Missile launcher (actually Winbond Electronics Corp. - also known as PE-5858) \
	USB Vendor ID		0x416	1046\
	USB Product ID		0x9391	37777\
\
[c-enter IS confirmed to work - development and testing by Markus Sch\'fc\'dfler]\
[Satzuma is NOT confirmed to work - best web reference is http://www.linux-club.de/viewtopic.php?f=61&t=102729&start=0 - need actual launcher command set breakdown]\
\
DreamCheeky (Green and Black) - Assumption is that the Circus cannon works as well\
	USB Vendor ID		0x1941	6465\
	USB Product ID		0x8021	32801\
\
DreamCheeky (Green and Black) - known internally as RocketBaby (referred to by USB Missile Launcher NZ as DreamRocketII)\
	USB Vendor ID		0xa81	2689\
	USB Product ID		0x701	1793\
\
DreamCheeky IR (referred to by USB Missile Launcher NZ as DreamRocketII)\
	USB Vendor ID		0x0a81	2689\
	USB Product ID		0xff01	65281\
\
Chic Technology (first seen in France June 2009)\
	USB Vendor ID		0x05FE	1534\
	USB Product ID		0x1958	6488\
\
DreamCheeky OIC Storm (Grey with 4 x Missiles - includes built in camera)\
	USB Vendor ID		0x2123	8483\
	USB Product ID		0x1010	4112\
\
Customised DreamCheeky software is available at http://www.dreamcheeky.com where Mac software to control the latest model launchers is available. This software does not require the hardware driver (kext) and therefore reboot during the installation process.\
\
Note: http://www.linux-usb.org/usb.ids\
\
For those with the InfraRed DreamCheeky launcher you MUST set up the launcher in Launcher Preferences with the correct vendor and product ID and make sure you set the launcher type to DreamRocketII. DreamRocketII referrs to the control sequence that is used by the software for sending control codes to the launcher so that it operates as expected.\
\

\f0\b Help it's not working
\f1\b0 : It worked before and now it does not.\
Sometimes things get in a bit of a mess. Unplug the USB Missile Launcher, wait 5 seconds and plug it back in again. The messages window should tell you that the launcher has been disconnected and connected. Now try use the missile launcher again.\
\
Diagnostics - now we really have to get stuck into things - but wait! - The information detailed below is automatically collected and e-mailed to the program author when you use the application Feedback under the Help menu. Be sure to put in a good description of what is and or is not working. The other information (ioreg and system profiler) will be included in the e-mail. Be sure that the missile launcher is connected before doing the feedback.\
\
Details below included for pre v1.8.0 support.\
We need to know what's going on under the hood. To investigate this, find the Console application - it's in the /Application/Utilities folder. Look for entries related to USB Missile Launcher NZ. Then start reading in date/time sequence.\
If you see an entry that looks like this "
\f3\fs22 \cf6 \CocoaLigature0 USBMissileControl: FindInterfaces: kIOReturnExclusiveAccess (some other task has the device opened already) - Unable to open interface
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 " then we've got a challenge. Essentially this means that the operating system got it's hands on the launcher before we did and this is no good to us. Actually this is the reason the KEXT file exists - it's a kernel extension usually for printer drivers or other low level devices - only in our case the KEXT has no actual program code it just tells the operating system via a plist to ignore the devices. "
\f4\b\fs22 /Library/Extensions/USB Missile Launcher All Drivers.kext
\f1\b0\fs24 ".\
\
Great! Now what - my launcher still isn't working - well I need some diagnostic information sent to me that can be used to figure out what's going on - this may not be easy.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 				\cf6 Collect the following and mail output to developer\cf0 \
				\cf6 1. System Profiler output saved\cf0 \
				\cf6 2. From terminal enter 'ioreg -l -w 0 > ~/Desktop/ioreg.txt'\cf0 \
				\cf6 3. Launcher type, vendorID, ProductID\cf0 \
				\cf6 4. Hardware and Operating System Version information - though this will be in System Profiler\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 URL's\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dgwilson.wordpress.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 http://dgwilson.wordpress.com}}
\f1\b0\fs24  (BLOG)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://homepages.paradise.net.nz/dgwilson"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://homepages.paradise.net.nz/dgwilson}} (homepage)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://order.kagi.com/cgi-bin/store.cgi?storeID=6FASD"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://order.kagi.com/cgi-bin/store.cgi?storeID=6FASD}}\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Requirements\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 USB Missile Launcher NZ is only known to work on Mac OS 10.5 and above. A 700+MHz Macintosh may also be required.\
\
Version 1.3.2 of the Missile launcher software works with Mac OS 10.3.9 (and possibly 10.2.8) and supports the DreamCheeky Rocket Launcher. This software release is available in the downloads area of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dgwilson.wordpress.com"}}{\fldrslt http://dgwilson.wordpress.com}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://homepages.paradise.net.nz/dgwilson"}}{\fldrslt http://homepages.paradise.net.nz/dgwilson}}.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The DreamCheeky Launcher seems to require a USB 2 port so the software may not work for this launcher on some older Macs.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 + You will also require a physical USB Missile Launcher, connected with batteries (if it takes them)\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Known Issues\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 DreamCheeky Launcher\
It seems that you must connect the DreamCheeky Launcher to a USB 2 card. The DreamCheeky launcher will not operate correctly unless it is connected to a USB 2 card. I purchased a relatively cheap PCI USB 2 card and installed it in a G4 400MHz Sawtooth, no additional software installation was required. Without the card installed, USB transaction timeouts are reported in the System.log or Console.log files. \
\
Striker II\
WARNING - You cannot have the the Original Missile Launcher and the Striker II connected to the Missile Launcher NZ software at the same time.\
\
For Those wishing to use the Striker II, you need to go to the preferences (launcher panel) and change the drop down menu from OrigLauncher to StrikerII, click the Apply button. Then quit and restart the application.\
\
Some problems were experienced during the testing process that have not yet been completely resolved. To setup your Striker II access the Launcher preference pane. Make sure that the Vendor ID = 4400 and the Product ID = 514 and set the Launcher Type to StrikerII. You then must click the Apply button and quit and restart the launcher program. The unresolved issue is that the Striker II may have to be in the Launcher 1 slot in the preferences or that the Origional Launcher is left undefined.\
\
Program output can be found in the console.log (run the console program in the utilities folder to see the messages emitted by the program). Detailed program output is available by turnin on the "Debug Commands" checkbox in th General control panel of the application.\
 \
Joysticks\
A new feature in version 1.4f - I have been able to test the software with only a limited number of joysticks. So far my testing has met with a 75% success. The joystick that did not work was rather old. I have not been able to undertake more testing with this particular device. Your milage may vary.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 AppleScript Support\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 AppleScript support has been added to the Missile Launcher software. A sample script has been provided below. You can look at the dictionary for the application via the AppleScript editor.\
Not if you wish to fire, it is essential that you follow the fire command with the applescript delay command, as shown below, otherwise the fire will be aborted by the next command. In some cases you may want the delay to be shorter, you will need to tune this.\
Depending on how you develop your applescripts you can also use the abort command to halt in progress operations.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx7280\tx7840\tx8400\tx8960\tx9520\tx10080\tx10640\tx11200\tx11760\tx12320\tx12880\tx13440\tx14000\tx14560\tx15120\tx15680\tx16240\tx16800\tx17360\tx17920\tx18480\tx19040\tx19600\tx20160\tx20720\tx21280\tx21840\tx22400\tx22960\tx23520\tx24080\tx24640\tx25200\tx25760\tx26320\tx26880\tx27440\tx28000\tx28560\tx29120\tx29680\tx30240\tx30800\tx31360\tx31920\tx32480\tx33040\tx33600\tx34160\tx34720\tx35280\tx35840\tx36400\tx36960\tx37520\tx38080\tx38640\tx39200\tx39760\tx40320\tx40880\tx41440\tx42000\tx42560\tx43120\tx43680\tx44240\tx44800\tx45360\tx45920\tx46480\tx47040\tx47600\tx48160\tx48720\tx49280\tx49840\tx50400\tx50960\tx51520\tx52080\tx52640\tx53200\tx53760\tx54320\tx54880\tx55440\tx56000\li832\fi-833\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf7 \CocoaLigature0 tell
\f6\b0 \cf0  \cf7 application\cf0  "USB Missile Launcher NZ"\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx7280\tx7840\tx8400\tx8960\tx9520\tx10080\tx10640\tx11200\tx11760\tx12320\tx12880\tx13440\tx14000\tx14560\tx15120\tx15680\tx16240\tx16800\tx17360\tx17920\tx18480\tx19040\tx19600\tx20160\tx20720\tx21280\tx21840\tx22400\tx22960\tx23520\tx24080\tx24640\tx25200\tx25760\tx26320\tx26880\tx27440\tx28000\tx28560\tx29120\tx29680\tx30240\tx30800\tx31360\tx31920\tx32480\tx33040\tx33600\tx34160\tx34720\tx35280\tx35840\tx36400\tx36960\tx37520\tx38080\tx38640\tx39200\tx39760\tx40320\tx40880\tx41440\tx42000\tx42560\tx43120\tx43680\tx44240\tx44800\tx45360\tx45920\tx46480\tx47040\tx47600\tx48160\tx48720\tx49280\tx49840\tx50400\tx50960\tx51520\tx52080\tx52640\tx53200\tx53760\tx54320\tx54880\tx55440\tx56000\li1665\fi-1665\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\cf7 unlock\cf0 \
	\cf7 move\cf0  \cf7 right\cf0  \cf7 seconds\cf0  2\
	\cf7 move\cf0  \cf7 left\cf0  \cf7 seconds\cf0  2\
	\cf7 move\cf0  \cf7 up\cf0  \cf7 seconds\cf0  1\
	\cf7 move\cf0  \cf7 down\cf0  \cf7 seconds\cf0  1\
	\cf7 fire\cf0 \
	\cf7 delay\cf0  7\
	\cf7 lock\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx7280\tx7840\tx8400\tx8960\tx9520\tx10080\tx10640\tx11200\tx11760\tx12320\tx12880\tx13440\tx14000\tx14560\tx15120\tx15680\tx16240\tx16800\tx17360\tx17920\tx18480\tx19040\tx19600\tx20160\tx20720\tx21280\tx21840\tx22400\tx22960\tx23520\tx24080\tx24640\tx25200\tx25760\tx26320\tx26880\tx27440\tx28000\tx28560\tx29120\tx29680\tx30240\tx30800\tx31360\tx31920\tx32480\tx33040\tx33600\tx34160\tx34720\tx35280\tx35840\tx36400\tx36960\tx37520\tx38080\tx38640\tx39200\tx39760\tx40320\tx40880\tx41440\tx42000\tx42560\tx43120\tx43680\tx44240\tx44800\tx45360\tx45920\tx46480\tx47040\tx47600\tx48160\tx48720\tx49280\tx49840\tx50400\tx50960\tx51520\tx52080\tx52640\tx53200\tx53760\tx54320\tx54880\tx55440\tx56000\li832\fi-833\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf7 end
\f6\b0 \cf0  
\f5\b \cf7 tell
\f1\b0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Good luck, I'm very keen to see what you can produce with this and hear about how you are controlling the launchers.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\
Version History\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 1.9.0b2\
- Fixes for temporary file random internal name in AVRecorder\
- Resolves compiler warnings with Reachability\
- kext is no longer included in the application bundle, not required.\
- Compiled with Xcode 9 Beta.\
\
1.9.0b1\
- This release no longer requires a kext installed in /Library/Extensions\
- The launchers are now controlled as USB HID devices - in order to achieve this outcome support for the original grey launcher has been dropped along with support for the original dream cheeky (green/black) launcher. Note there are different internal models of the dream cheeky green/black launcher - so the one you have may not be one of the originals.\
- The launcher preferences panel has been removed\
\
\
1.8.2 build 165 - 5 January 2013\
- Control code update for Satzuma launcher\
\
1.8.2 build 163 - 31 December 2012\
- Fixes an issue where the RockeyBaby launcher would cause the program to hang\
\
1.8.2 build 162 - 21 December 2012\
- Continued experimental support for Satzuma launcher\
- Huge changes to internal code to prevent memory leaks and memory overruns\
- Fixed a bug in SS_PrefsController regarding window handling and NSToolBar\
- Worked on return code handling for IOCStorm - this launcher may heve have some problems stopping after firing\
\
1.8.1 build 161 - 13 January 2012\
- Corrects an issue where the Kernel extension (KEXT) would not load on some systems - tested on the following systems:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 - 10.7.1 - Lion Server - Virtual machine (64 bit)\
- 10.6.8 - Snow Leopard server virtual machine (64 bit)\
- 10.7.2 - Lion physical machine (32 bit) - older Mac Book Pro\
- 10.6.8 - Snow Leopard physical machine (32 bit) - older Mac Book Pro\
- 10.6.8 - iMac physical machine (32 bit) - core 2 duo - closet match to yours\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1.8.1 build 160 - 11 January 2012\
- Corrects a 32/64 bit build issue with the KEXT\cf8 \
\cf0 \
1.8.0 build 159 - 6 January 2012\
- Support for new launcher c-enter (maybe PE-5858 and Satzuma also?)\
- About dialog box customised\
- Internal changes for development project to include the kext and preference panes as part of the build\
- Feedback updated - now includes ioreg and system profiler information in e-mail\
\
1.7.5 build 158 - 26 December 2011\
- codekess kext updated for universal 32/64 bit support\
\
1.7.4 build 154 - 25 February 2011\
- Adds possible support for Stazuma Missile Launcher - Not confirmed to work\
- New graphics - Thanks DreamCheeky!\
\
1.7.3 build 153 - 21 December 2010\
- not publicly released\
\
1.7.2 build 151 - 21 November 2010\
- Adds support for the DreamCheeky OIC Storm Missile Launcher\
\
1.7.1 build 150 - 13 September 2009\
- Corrects a minor issue with the application build version\
\
1.7.0 build 149 - 13 July 2009\
- Preparation for 10.6 compatibility\
- Fixed some potential memory leaks within the AppleScript section of code\
- Fixed more memory leaks in the USB connection handling code\
- Combined kext USB drivers into one file and altered for 10.6 compatibility, made associated program code changes to match\
- Minimum OS Mac OS 10.5\
- Fixed a redraw problem with the background graphic display after a button was pushed\
- Kext updated with missile launcher vendorID and ProductID from Chic technology (seen in France June 2009)\
\
1.6.0 build 146 - 19 June 2009\
- Added network messaging support. This provides the base ability for "remote control", i.e. so that an iPhone (client) application can control this software (server) for the ultimate in launcher control. A unfortunate side effect of this is that the minimum OS level required to run the launcher software is 10.5 (sorry).\
- Found and fixed a memory leak that was caused everytime the launcher was unlocked/locked\
\
1.5.0 build 145 - 17 March 2009\
- Added support for the DreamCheeky InfraRed Missile Launcher (though has to update preferences of Vendor ID (2689) and Product ID (65281) manually and ensure that the launcher type is DreamRocketII.\
- Fixed various spellings in the readme file (thank you Lee).\
\
1.4.11 build 143 - 7 May 2008\
- Distribution created by automated build\
- Changed application identifier from "com.david.USB Missile Launcher NZ" to "com.david.USBMissileLauncherNZ" - this resolves issues with PackageMaker 3.0 - preferences are also reset as a result of this. Users could also delete the file "~/Library/Preferences/com.david.USB Missile Launcher NZ" if they want to.\
- Enhanced deployment package so that System Extensions (Kext) files don't always need to be installed, and thus don't need to reboot\
- Code Cleanup in USBMissileControl, DeviceNotification procedure\
- Found and fixed an issue with menu controls for the launcher - specifically move up/right\
- Fix an issue in German localisation language translation file\
- Major internal engineering change with main window and NSResponder\
- Modified driver code to handle USB device connection issues better and in a more friendly way to avoid application crashes\
- Video window can now be closed and re-opened\
- Main application window cannot be closed\
- Fixed a bug in MissileControl for handling multiple launchers - only impacted there was DreamRocketII style launcher connected\
- Launch controls drawer now has background picture (yea, big deal - I know).\
\
1.4.10 build 141 - 31 December 2007\
- Correct issues with Installer Maker packaging not working (something to do with spaces in file names?)\
- Have received actual Rocket Baby Launcher for testing, testing completed - up/down/right/left/fire all working - also detected correctly full travel movement responses from launcher\
- Correct application launch issues when kext not installed and causes application crash\
\
1.4.9 build 140 - 23 December 2007\
- Found and fixed a bug in the FindInterfaces USB code, this may have effected some launcher operations\
- Adding support for new DreamCheeky Launcher (internal name = RocketBaby)\
- Added new kext for RocketBaby support\
- Added code to DeviceAdded to read the HID Descriptor (the RocketBaby won't work properly unless this is done). It is now done for all launchers\
- Enhanced application version checking code\
- Added message to display window if launcher is actually connected at application start\
- Added "Prime Fire" button - works for two models of DreamCheeky launcher. This means that there is now a shorter time to actually fire when you do fire. Though in reality this seems to make little difference as the pressure does not actually seem to be held. This feature is likely to be depricated in a future release.\
\
1.4.8 beta 27August07\
- Altered default preference settings. Resolves issue of laser not working properly on Striker II and stops duplicate commands being sent to Striker II and Original launcher. Existing users can install updated application and manually "zero" settings for launcher types that are defined twice (vendor ID = 4400, and product ID = 514) or reset defaults.\
- Distribution now includes a script providing integration with "Sofa Control 2.0" - you can use your Apple Remote to control the launcher! - http://caseapps.com/sofacontrol.html (thanks to rawketcato for providing this). To use the script you will need to go to the Installed Scripts menu in Sofa Control and import the script that is included with this distribution.\
- Fixed a problem controlling the Original launcher (Striker I).\
\
1.4.7 beta 8May07\
- Added German Language translation\
- Altered some diagnostic code to help isolate problems with Striker II and DreamCheeky support\
- Fixed an error where incorrect USB parameters were being sent to the DreamCheeky launcher\
- Fixed an error where the "end of travel" for the DreamCheeky launcher was not being detected properly\
- Fixed an error where some Striker II laser was not working\
- Added "debug" option to General preferences. Output is sent to the Console.log file - warning this can be _very_ verbose\
- Added Applescript support, refer to the application AppleScript dictionary for command set and example in readme document\
- Added application startup check for required kext files - warning message issued if they are missing\
- Dramatically improved the Fire sequence for DreamCheeky launchers, now reads feedback from launcher when fire completes, two or more DreamCheeky launchers connected at the same time will fire sequentially.\
\
1.4f beta 15Feb07	\
- Added joystick detection\
- Added preference pane for joystick support, ability to control sensitivity and reversal of X and Y axes\
- Added preference pane for launcher support. This allows users to change the USB Product ID and USB Vendor ID and Launcher type. Provides support for 3 Launcher products/vendors.  \
- Fixed potential memory leak in my USB code\
- Application icon is changed to a DreamCheeky Rocket if it is the first or only launcher connected\
- Added support for the Striker II Launcher - the Laser checkbox will only work on the Striker II\
\
Note 1: This release will reset existing user preferences on first application launch.\
Note 2: Tested joysticks include: Logitech Attack 3, Saitek Cyborg Evo Wireless, Gravis Xterminator Dual Control, MacAlley iShock II, MS Sidewinder.\
Note 3: The introduction of the launcher preference pane is a potential foundation for allowing users to enter launcher control codes thus eliminating the requirement for a software release when new launchers are made available.\
\
1.4e beta	1Feb07	\
- Added preference option for Camera enable/disable on startup\
- Message change for Launcher not connected when application starts\
- Added Preference option to reverse arrow keys\
- Updated kext drivers for DreamCheeky and the USB Missile Launcher\
- Added code that reads back the USB codes from the DreamCheeky Launcher so that it now does not exceed launcher travel limits\
\
1.4d beta 	9Dec06 	\
- Added support for DreamCheeky Rocket Launcher\
- updated driver (kext) for USB Missile launcher to Universal Binary\
- created driver (kext) to support DreamCheeky Rocket launcher (Universal Binary)\
- launcher software controls both launchers at the same time\
- updated driver (kext) source code included in distribution\
- changed internal code for smoother control of the launcher (eliminating stop/start motion that is not present when you use the keyboard controls)\
- when controlling the launcher you can use the numeric keypad. For the DreamCheeky Rocket Launcher at least, you will get a finer motion control over the launcher\
- this release has had some problems in testing (I get an occasional "beach ball" - it pauses the application for a bit and goes away). As of this release the issue has not been identified\
\
1.4c beta	17Nov06	\
- Driver distribution error, the wrong USB Missile Launcher driver (kext) was included with the 1.4b beta release. This release now includes the originally distributed driver (kext).\
- Added an "Action" menu. Allows additional keyboard commands like Cmd-U to unlock the launcher.\
\
1.4b beta	5Nov06	\
- Video - halved size of video window\
- Missile Launcher window now remain the active windw after showing the video preview window\
- Added feedback dialog window. Automatically sends E-Mail when send button is pressed. Is dependant on 10.4 system e-mail configuration.\
- Added Application help functionality, added help text\
- Added ability to check for application updates over the internet - autochecks on application launch\
- Corrected spelling error on Sound Control Panel\
\
1.4a		01Oct06	\
- Added Video Camera Support\
- initial alpha release integrated Quartz Composer video stream\
- this build now uses source code from Apple (WhackedTV) as video source\
- Video stream (on screen display only at this stage) incorporates Gun Sight target\
- Video Stream can be recorded\
- You can use Video Settings to change your video source (works with iSight, built-in iSight, Firewire DV Cameras)\
- Note: you cannot reopen the video window after you have closed it. You need to stop and restart the program\
- Note: testing with 10.5 Leopard (build 10.5 (9A241e) has revealed some USB driver issues this is yet to be investigated\
\
1.3.2		19Sep06		\
- USB Missile Launcher.kext updated\
- Glenn Anderson has provided a update to the kext, the improvements are detailed as:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - refined it to match just the USB device rather than the two interfaces of the device\
- and stripped out some unnecessary junk\
- it is just a plist in a folder in a folder now\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1.3.1		17Aug06		\
- Added Sound Preferences Pane\
- Provided ability for "Stealth" mode - no sound - user selectable via Sound preferences\
- Provided ability for user selected Launch sound (Aiff or wav file types)\
- Provided ability for user selected Klaxon sound (Aiff or wav file types)\
- Cleaned up errors messages no longer relevant because of USB hot plug and play\
\
1.3 		31Jul06		\
- Major Revision of USB Internals and other cosmetic changes\
- Replaced Fire with Red Button\
- Added Triple Fire Button\
- Corrected timing on Test and Park buttons\
- Cosmetic changes to layout of Launcher control screen\
- Added Nuclear Klaxon sound to certain button operations\
- Added USB driver support for multiple USB Rocket Launchers!\
- Added detection of USB Rocket Launcher connection while program running (Hot Plug!)\
- Added detection of USB Rocket Launcher removal while program running (Hot unplug!)\
- Added version history and readme details to the About Dialog box\
- Altered autolock preverences - a zero value will never lock the launcher now\
- Altered attributes on main window so that resizing is not allowed\
- Lock out test and park button functions while sequence in progress\
\
1.2b		1Jul06		\
- Update for PreferencePanes - XCode building example\
\
1.2		20Jun06   	\
- Initial Release\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Possible Enhancements\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 - independent control of multiple rocket launchers\
- user predefined rocket launcher positions - buttons to move rocket launchers to those positions\
- Send Rocket Launcher 1 to pre-defined position a\
- Send Rocket Launcher 2 to pre-defined position b\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Ideas and Contributions\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Glenn Anderson		\
glenn at eudora . co . nz\
Mac OS X Driver code\
\
Colin Bridgewater	\
colin.bridgewater at btinternet . com	\
Colin has also written a Mac software to control the USB Rocket Launcher as well, you will need to send Colin an e-mail for a copy of the application.\
\
Stephen Marshall	\
stephen.marshall at vuw . ac . nz\
Coding assistance, interface suggestions - getting the "draw to work", and Preferences\
\
Matt Gemmell\
For the preferences subsystem. See Matt's web site for more details and lots of OS X source code.\
http://mattgemmell.com/source\
http://mattgemmell.com\
\
Simon Shead\
Contributed some great ideas for application enhancements including the inspiration for controlling multiple launchers\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Brandon Heyer\
Discovered return codes for the DreamCheeky Rocket Launcher\
\
Kevin Ballard\
Development support trying to reverse engineer the USB control codes for the DreamCheeky launcher (April 2007)\
\
Haramis at www.sonderraum.de\
German Language translation\
\
David Empson\
C coding technical support\
\
Patrick McNeil\
USB support and coding advise trying to get the DreamCheeky (RocketBaby) launcher working\
\
Joe Greaves and the folks at DreamCheeky\
Thanks for shipping the RocketBaby launcher to me, and Joe - thanks for your commitment in getting this to work\
\
Ben Lew / Nicholas Killin\
Testing Victims for the Rocket Baby. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Your own Improvements\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 If you decide to make some improvements, I'd really appreciate getting a copy of the updates. It's like watching the wheel evolve... see what's happened to the Typewriter over the last 100 years!\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 WARRANTY AND LICENSE\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Distributed under GPL (USB Missile Launcher NZ) }